# layer_average_pooling_1d


Average pooling for temporal data.




## Description

Average pooling for temporal data.





## Usage
```r
layer_average_pooling_1d(
  object,
  pool_size = 2L,
  strides = NULL,
  padding = "valid",
  data_format = "channels_last",
  batch_size = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
pool_size | Integer, size of the average pooling windows.
strides | Integer, or NULL. Factor by which to downscale. E.g. 2 will halve the input. If NULL, it will default to ``pool_size``.
padding | One of ``"valid"`` or ``"same"`` (case-insensitive).
data_format | One of ``channels_last`` (default) or ``channels_first``. The ordering of the dimensions in the inputs.
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other pooling layers: 
`layer_average_pooling_2d()`,
`layer_average_pooling_3d()`,
`layer_global_average_pooling_1d()`,
`layer_global_average_pooling_2d()`,
`layer_global_average_pooling_3d()`,
`layer_global_max_pooling_1d()`,
`layer_global_max_pooling_2d()`,
`layer_global_max_pooling_3d()`,
`layer_max_pooling_1d()`,
`layer_max_pooling_2d()`,
`layer_max_pooling_3d()`



