# layer_input


Input layer




## Description

Layer to be used as an entry point into a graph.





## Usage
```r
layer_input(
  shape = NULL,
  batch_shape = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  sparse = FALSE,
  tensor = NULL,
  ragged = FALSE
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
shape | Shape, not including the batch size. For instance, ``shape=c(32)`` indicates that the expected input will be batches of 32-dimensional vectors.
batch_shape | Shape, including the batch size. For instance, ``shape = c(10,32)`` indicates that the expected input will be batches of 10 32-dimensional vectors. ``batch_shape = list(NULL, 32)`` indicates batches of an arbitrary number of 32-dimensional vectors.
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
dtype | The data type expected by the input, as a string (``float32``, ``float64``, ``int32``...)
sparse | Boolean, whether the placeholder created is meant to be sparse.
tensor | Existing tensor to wrap into the ``Input`` layer. If set, the layer will not create a placeholder tensor.
ragged | A boolean specifying whether the placeholder to be created is ragged. Only one of 'ragged' and 'sparse' can be ``TRUE`` In this case, values of 'NULL' in the 'shape' argument represent ragged dimensions.





## Value

A tensor






## See Also

Other core layers: 
`layer_activation()`,
`layer_activity_regularization()`,
`layer_attention()`,
`layer_dense_features()`,
`layer_dense()`,
`layer_dropout()`,
`layer_flatten()`,
`layer_lambda()`,
`layer_masking()`,
`layer_permute()`,
`layer_repeat_vector()`,
`layer_reshape()`



