# layer_flatten


Flattens an input




## Description

Flatten a given input, does not affect the batch size.





## Usage
```r
layer_flatten(
  object,
  data_format = NULL,
  input_shape = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
data_format | A string. one of ``channels_last`` (default) or ``channels_first``. The ordering of the dimensions in the inputs. The purpose of this argument is to preserve weight ordering when switching a model from one data format to another. ``channels_last`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, ..., channels) while ``channels_first`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, channels, ...). It defaults to the ``image_data_format`` value found in your Keras config file at ~/.keras/keras.json. If you never set it, then it will be "channels_last".
input_shape | Input shape (list of integers, does not include the samples axis) which is required when using this layer as the first layer in a model.
dtype | The data type expected by the input, as a string (``float32``, ``float64``, ``int32``...)
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other core layers: 
`layer_activation()`,
`layer_activity_regularization()`,
`layer_attention()`,
`layer_dense_features()`,
`layer_dense()`,
`layer_dropout()`,
`layer_input()`,
`layer_lambda()`,
`layer_masking()`,
`layer_permute()`,
`layer_repeat_vector()`,
`layer_reshape()`



