# layer_upsampling_3d


Upsampling layer for 3D inputs.




## Description

Repeats the 1st, 2nd and 3rd dimensions of the data by ``size[[0]]``, ``size[[1]]`` and
``size[[2]]`` respectively.





## Usage
```r
layer_upsampling_3d(
  object,
  size = c(2L, 2L, 2L),
  data_format = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
size | int, or list of 3 integers. The upsampling factors for dim1, dim2 and dim3.
data_format | A string, one of ``channels_last`` (default) or ``channels_first``. The ordering of the dimensions in the inputs. ``channels_last`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, spatial_dim1, spatial_dim2, spatial_dim3, channels) while ``channels_first`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, channels, spatial_dim1, spatial_dim2, spatial_dim3). It defaults to the ``image_data_format`` value found in your Keras config file at ~/.keras/keras.json. If you never set it, then it will be "channels_last".
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other convolutional layers: 
`layer_conv_1d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_1d()`,
`layer_conv_2d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_2d()`,
`layer_conv_3d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_3d()`,
`layer_conv_lstm_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_1d()`,
`layer_cropping_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_3d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_1d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_2d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_1d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_2d()`,
`layer_upsampling_1d()`,
`layer_upsampling_2d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_1d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_2d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_3d()`



