# layer_embedding


Turns positive integers (indexes) into dense vectors of fixed size.




## Description

For example, ``list(4L, 20L) -> list(c(0.25, 0.1), c(0.6, -0.2))`` This layer
can only be used as the first layer in a model.





## Usage
```r
layer_embedding(
  object,
  input_dim,
  output_dim,
  embeddings_initializer = "uniform",
  embeddings_regularizer = NULL,
  activity_regularizer = NULL,
  embeddings_constraint = NULL,
  mask_zero = FALSE,
  input_length = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
input_dim | int > 0. Size of the vocabulary, i.e. maximum integer index + 1.
output_dim | int >= 0. Dimension of the dense embedding.
embeddings_initializer | Initializer for the ``embeddings`` matrix.
embeddings_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the ``embeddings`` matrix.
activity_regularizer | activity_regularizer
embeddings_constraint | Constraint function applied to the ``embeddings`` matrix.
mask_zero | Whether or not the input value 0 is a special "padding" value that should be masked out. This is useful when using recurrent layers, which may take variable length inputs. If this is ``TRUE`` then all subsequent layers in the model need to support masking or an exception will be raised. If mask_zero is set to TRUE, as a consequence, index 0 cannot be used in the vocabulary (input_dim should equal size of vocabulary + 1).
input_length | Length of input sequences, when it is constant. This argument is required if you are going to connect ``Flatten`` then ``Dense`` layers upstream (without it, the shape of the dense outputs cannot be computed).
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.






