# layer_conv_2d_transpose


Transposed 2D convolution layer (sometimes called Deconvolution).




## Description

The need for transposed convolutions generally arises from the desire to use
a transformation going in the opposite direction of a normal convolution,
i.e., from something that has the shape of the output of some convolution to
something that has the shape of its input while maintaining a connectivity
pattern that is compatible with said convolution. When using this layer as
the first layer in a model, provide the keyword argument ``input_shape`` (list
of integers, does not include the sample axis), e.g. ``input_shape=c(128L, 128L, 3L)`` for 128x128 RGB pictures in ``data_format="channels_last"``.





## Usage
```r
layer_conv_2d_transpose(
  object,
  filters,
  kernel_size,
  strides = c(1, 1),
  padding = "valid",
  output_padding = NULL,
  data_format = NULL,
  dilation_rate = c(1, 1),
  activation = NULL,
  use_bias = TRUE,
  kernel_initializer = "glorot_uniform",
  bias_initializer = "zeros",
  kernel_regularizer = NULL,
  bias_regularizer = NULL,
  activity_regularizer = NULL,
  kernel_constraint = NULL,
  bias_constraint = NULL,
  input_shape = NULL,
  batch_input_shape = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
filters | Integer, the dimensionality of the output space (i.e. the number of output filters in the convolution).
kernel_size | An integer or list of 2 integers, specifying the width and height of the 2D convolution window. Can be a single integer to specify the same value for all spatial dimensions.
strides | An integer or list of 2 integers, specifying the strides of the convolution along the width and height. Can be a single integer to specify the same value for all spatial dimensions. Specifying any stride value != 1 is incompatible with specifying any ``dilation_rate`` value != 1.
padding | one of ``"valid"`` or ``"same"`` (case-insensitive).
output_padding | An integer or list of 2 integers, specifying the amount of padding along the height and width of the output tensor. Can be a single integer to specify the same value for all spatial dimensions. The amount of output padding along a given dimension must be lower than the stride along that same dimension. If set to ``NULL`` (default), the output shape is inferred.
data_format | A string, one of ``channels_last`` (default) or ``channels_first``. The ordering of the dimensions in the inputs. ``channels_last`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, height, width, channels) while ``channels_first`` corresponds to inputs with shape (batch, channels, height, width). It defaults to the ``image_data_format`` value found in your Keras config file at ~/.keras/keras.json. If you never set it, then it will be "channels_last".
dilation_rate | Dialation rate.
activation | Activation function to use. If you don't specify anything, no activation is applied (ie. "linear" activation: ``a(x) = x``).
use_bias | Boolean, whether the layer uses a bias vector.
kernel_initializer | Initializer for the ``kernel`` weights matrix.
bias_initializer | Initializer for the bias vector.
kernel_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the ``kernel`` weights matrix.
bias_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the bias vector.
activity_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the output of the layer (its "activation")..
kernel_constraint | Constraint function applied to the kernel matrix.
bias_constraint | Constraint function applied to the bias vector.
input_shape | Dimensionality of the input (integer) not including the samples axis. This argument is required when using this layer as the first layer in a model.
batch_input_shape | Shapes, including the batch size. For instance, ``batch_input_shape=c(10, 32)`` indicates that the expected input will be batches of 10 32-dimensional vectors. ``batch_input_shape=list(NULL, 32)`` indicates batches of an arbitrary number of 32-dimensional vectors.
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
dtype | The data type expected by the input, as a string (``float32``, ``float64``, ``int32``...)
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other convolutional layers: 
`layer_conv_1d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_1d()`,
`layer_conv_2d()`,
`layer_conv_3d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_3d()`,
`layer_conv_lstm_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_1d()`,
`layer_cropping_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_3d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_1d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_2d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_1d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_2d()`,
`layer_upsampling_1d()`,
`layer_upsampling_2d()`,
`layer_upsampling_3d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_1d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_2d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_3d()`



