# layer_zero_padding_1d


Zero-padding layer for 1D input (e.g. temporal sequence).




## Description

Zero-padding layer for 1D input (e.g. temporal sequence).





## Usage
```r
layer_zero_padding_1d(
  object,
  padding = 1L,
  batch_size = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
padding | int, or list of int (length 2)   *  If int: How many zeros to add at the beginning and end of the padding dimension (axis 1).  *  If list of int (length 2): How many zeros to add at the beginning and at the end of the padding dimension ((left_pad, right_pad)).
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other convolutional layers: 
`layer_conv_1d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_1d()`,
`layer_conv_2d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_2d()`,
`layer_conv_3d_transpose()`,
`layer_conv_3d()`,
`layer_conv_lstm_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_1d()`,
`layer_cropping_2d()`,
`layer_cropping_3d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_1d()`,
`layer_depthwise_conv_2d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_1d()`,
`layer_separable_conv_2d()`,
`layer_upsampling_1d()`,
`layer_upsampling_2d()`,
`layer_upsampling_3d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_2d()`,
`layer_zero_padding_3d()`



