# layer_lambda


Wraps arbitrary expression as a layer




## Description

Wraps arbitrary expression as a layer





## Usage
```r
layer_lambda(
  object,
  f,
  output_shape = NULL,
  mask = NULL,
  arguments = NULL,
  input_shape = NULL,
  batch_input_shape = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
f | The function to be evaluated. Takes input tensor as first argument.
output_shape | Expected output shape from the function (not required when using TensorFlow back-end).
mask | mask
arguments | optional named list of keyword arguments to be passed to the function.
input_shape | Dimensionality of the input (integer) not including the samples axis. This argument is required when using this layer as the first layer in a model.
batch_input_shape | Shapes, including the batch size. For instance, ``batch_input_shape=c(10, 32)`` indicates that the expected input will be batches of 10 32-dimensional vectors. ``batch_input_shape=list(NULL, 32)`` indicates batches of an arbitrary number of 32-dimensional vectors.
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
dtype | The data type expected by the input, as a string (``float32``, ``float64``, ``int32``...)
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other core layers: 
`layer_activation()`,
`layer_activity_regularization()`,
`layer_attention()`,
`layer_dense_features()`,
`layer_dense()`,
`layer_dropout()`,
`layer_flatten()`,
`layer_input()`,
`layer_masking()`,
`layer_permute()`,
`layer_repeat_vector()`,
`layer_reshape()`



