# layer_cudnn_gru


(Deprecated) Fast GRU implementation backed by https://developer.nvidia.com/cudnnCuDNN.




## Description

Can only be run on GPU, with the TensorFlow backend.





## Usage
```r
layer_cudnn_gru(
  object,
  units,
  kernel_initializer = "glorot_uniform",
  recurrent_initializer = "orthogonal",
  bias_initializer = "zeros",
  kernel_regularizer = NULL,
  recurrent_regularizer = NULL,
  bias_regularizer = NULL,
  activity_regularizer = NULL,
  kernel_constraint = NULL,
  recurrent_constraint = NULL,
  bias_constraint = NULL,
  return_sequences = FALSE,
  return_state = FALSE,
  stateful = FALSE,
  input_shape = NULL,
  batch_input_shape = NULL,
  batch_size = NULL,
  dtype = NULL,
  name = NULL,
  trainable = NULL,
  weights = NULL
)
```




## Arguments


Argument      |Description
------------- |----------------
object | What to compose the new ``Layer`` instance with. Typically a Sequential model or a Tensor (e.g., as returned by ``layer_input()``). The return value depends on ``object``. If ``object`` is:   *  missing or `NULL`, the `Layer` instance is returned.  *  a `Sequential` model, the model with an additional layer is returned.  *  a Tensor, the output tensor from `layer_instance(object)` is returned.
units | Positive integer, dimensionality of the output space.
kernel_initializer | Initializer for the ``kernel`` weights matrix, used for the linear transformation of the inputs.
recurrent_initializer | Initializer for the ``recurrent_kernel`` weights matrix, used for the linear transformation of the recurrent state.
bias_initializer | Initializer for the bias vector.
kernel_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the ``kernel`` weights matrix.
recurrent_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the ``recurrent_kernel`` weights matrix.
bias_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the bias vector.
activity_regularizer | Regularizer function applied to the output of the layer (its "activation")..
kernel_constraint | Constraint function applied to the ``kernel`` weights matrix.
recurrent_constraint | Constraint function applied to the ``recurrent_kernel`` weights matrix.
bias_constraint | Constraint function applied to the bias vector.
return_sequences | Boolean. Whether to return the last output in the output sequence, or the full sequence.
return_state | Boolean (default FALSE). Whether to return the last state in addition to the output.
stateful | Boolean (default FALSE). If TRUE, the last state for each sample at index i in a batch will be used as initial state for the sample of index i in the following batch.
input_shape | Dimensionality of the input (integer) not including the samples axis. This argument is required when using this layer as the first layer in a model.
batch_input_shape | Shapes, including the batch size. For instance, ``batch_input_shape=c(10, 32)`` indicates that the expected input will be batches of 10 32-dimensional vectors. ``batch_input_shape=list(NULL, 32)`` indicates batches of an arbitrary number of 32-dimensional vectors.
batch_size | Fixed batch size for layer
dtype | The data type expected by the input, as a string (``float32``, ``float64``, ``int32``...)
name | An optional name string for the layer. Should be unique in a model (do not reuse the same name twice). It will be autogenerated if it isn't provided.
trainable | Whether the layer weights will be updated during training.
weights | Initial weights for layer.







## See Also

Other recurrent layers: 
`layer_cudnn_lstm()`,
`layer_gru()`,
`layer_lstm()`,
`layer_rnn()`,
`layer_simple_rnn()`



